So in previous things, I created one JPA with model.
So I will tell you in short how we are going to perform.
But in the advantages of hibernate.
Let me explain.
First, this is the open source and lightweight.
Anyone can perform different actions over hibernate.
So a wide range of hibernate classes and everything is already created with the different databases
because each database provides different kind of utilities.
So for that purpose, for each database, different hibernate are already created.
Then fast performance, its performance is fast because its first level catch is enabled by default.
So if you know the catching level catch is basically storing the local some data inside the variables.
So it's not always fetching from that proper database, it's sometimes switching from the cache files.
Only then data is independent query because SQL Hibernate Query Language which is object oriented version
of fiscal which I already created that hibernate and each part, it's a language basically.
It's not a skill, it's a hibernate query language.
So it's some kind of object oriented language.
So I created one object and I can use it later part also.
So that's about how we are going to perform here.
So let us see in ID what the things we are going to create and everything.
So if you closely look, I created one or two things, two classes, one is employee service interface
as putting that in the least part and putting and creating some you can catch in here.
I'm creating here a cashier.
Then in the employee I created one JPA to perform the database actions and everything.
Now in the service part only I'm going to create one class.
So if you know the how we can create class, then it's very easy.
And.
Let me mention that class name is employee service imp because it's important.
So I mention this.
Employee service.
This then.
In this implements.
Employee service.
So let me use this implementation part.
So it's going to use that part.
Now, let us check how how it's going to work and everything.
So.
Let me mention some annotations and everything here.
Import java dot util dot store.
It's very important.
Then import RG Dot's ring framework.
Then I needed different things here, but OC beans.
I needed beans.
Basically beans.
And actually inside this factory
annotations.
Not start.
Okay.
So this is very important.
So.
As soon as we are developing, it will automatically employees and some libraries default.
So I'm not going to work here then.
Later we mention this as a service.
So it will automatically deploy this service.
So it is the service.
Service is basically for the deploying and UI part.
Then overhead I need to mention otherwise is basically for generating that part or to wildly.
And the wired part.
I need to create one repository.
Private employee depository.
I can, but before that.
Employee depository.
Let us create one thing repository class here.
So keep it as this and let us create one more package inside this mansion as the repository.
Because we haven't created any repository.
So let me create one package.
Repository.
And inside this repository, I'm going to create one another class in repository.
So it will help me to create one employee repository here.
So it just basically JPA, which is going to provide me some extending part.
So while developing this, you can closely look, this is very easy part in creating a repository.
So let me minimize this.
And okay, so that's it.
And in this, what I'm going to mention is.
And it depository, so it will definitely use this.
Then I need to extend it to some more part of your repository.
So.
Exchange GPA.
GPIO repository.
As you can see, this is my repository and to three things I need to mention here is basically.
Its name.
Let me mention the name as employee.
This is enough employee.
Long.
And.
I did.
So anything is demeaning here.
Okay.
Journalism puts.
Let me import one thing here.
Despite so.
Now the key is.
Okay.
So I need to implement my thoughts on these things.
So that's it in the repository.
So I will create that method scene controller part, which is basically the controlling part in later.
So let me mention one controller here also because I haven't created one controlling part which is going
to handle the mapping part and everything later.
So I will create that part in later, but.
Or let us assume we need to implement things here.
In the model employed on Java Open.
Okay.
So I'm implementing this and.
I'm actually seeing everything here.
And you said you'd be a repository.
Yes.
So let us check in this part.
Which is basically employ service.
And let me create one or two.
And.
So it will import the class.
So it will automatically implement this.
But I don't want to implement every part here in services, so I'm going to create my own methods here.
Basically.
For that purpose.
Or let me use that team.
Okay.
So what I'm going to do is I'm accessing my own methods here.
So the worldwide import class.
Then sought method is nutrient input.
And then being able to import.
Then.
Don't forget to do three things here.
Which is basically the repository or.
Okay.
Because I mentioned as a class.
So it's accessing as a class.
So you need to create interface here.
So that's a problem I created so mentioned as the interface to.
Remove these things then.
Okay?
No.
Then.
You need to debug it again and again because sometimes it gives the error.
Then what is the error?
You can check here basically.
Okay.
No.
Why employs me.
Okay.
I need to import the class.
Just I need to import the class, and I need to mention this also.
Okay.
So as soon as I've done this, so it'll get removed.
And.
Glass is not working.
So let me mention what I created.
Just.
I just debug it.
One of the things I mentioned is already it's so related to spring, so otherwise it is just I created
an employee repository as an interface to create a JPA repository.
As you can see, JPA repository to store the cache files.
As you can see inside this employee, what I'm going to do, I'm going to create a 1 to 3 methods.
So first is or divide to create and implement the private repository.
Then in this it's overriding this list employee and it's getting it from the employee service that list
part.
I mentioned the gate, cell gate, employee delete and finger.
So I'm now creating different methods here.
First is overriding.
I'm overriding it to find all methods to get all employees, save all employees, to save all these
employees in this employee as my object.
Then in the override part, I created employee with overriding methods and.
It's a very simple thing I created in the gate employee by ID which this employee has method with different
things.
And now in the overriding find these things I'm accessing the sword method here and so is very easy
in spring you can actually see the sword method in the spring framework.
It's already implemented there and you can use this part as a page.
Yes.
So now we are set with this, but we haven't created any mapping part.
So.
So for the mapping purposes, you need to create two or three things.
First is mapping.
Mapping is just basic for mapping over this back end to the front end.
So I need to create a one controller part.
So in the later part, I'm going to create one controller.
So it's very easy.
Just go to package and you need to mention controller still.
So I am going to create one package here.
I created one package here and I'm going to use that.
And in the resources tab I'm going to mention the templates basically index, HTML and everything in
later part to create a frontend.
So hope you understand.
Thank you.